Peer-Graded Assignment: Final Assignment
Estimated time needed: 45 minutes

Congratulations! You have now completed all the modules of this course. This week, you will complete the final assignment that will be graded by your peers. You will be provided a notebook with instructions and questions.

Software Used in this Assignment
You will be using Jupyter Notebook through IBM Watson studio for the final project and will be required to share the link to your notebook. If you are not familiar with IBM Watson studio, instructions on how to get started has been provided for you.

Dataset Used in this Assignment
This dataset contains house sale prices for King County, which includes Seattle. It includes homes sold between May 2014 and May 2015. It was taken from here. It was also slightly modified for the purposes of this course. Here is the description of the data:

Variable	Description
id	A notation for a house
date	Date house was sold
price	Price is prediction target
bedrooms	Number of bedrooms
bathrooms	Number of bathrooms
sqft_living	Square footage of the home
sqft_lot	Square footage of the lot
floors	Total floors (levels) in house
waterfront	House which has a view to a waterfront
view	Has been viewed
condition	How good the condition is overall
grade	overall grade given to the housing unit, based on King County grading system
sqft_above	Square footage of house apart from basement
sqft_basement	Square footage of the basement
yr_built	Built Year
yr_renovated	Year when house was renovated
zipcode	Zip code
lat	Latitude coordinate
long	Longitude coordinate
sqft_living15	Living room area in 2015(implies-- some renovations) This might or might not have affected the lotsize area
sqft_lot15	LotSize area in 2015(implies-- some renovations)
Assignment Scenario
You are a Data Analyst working at a Real Estate Investment Trust. The Trust will like to start investing in Residential real estate. You are tasked with determining the market price of a house given a set of features. You will analyze and predict housing prices using attributes or features such as square footage, number of bedrooms, number of floors, and so on.

Guidelines for the Submission
Copy the link to the notebook and paste it in IBM Watson Studio: https://cf-courses-data.s3.us.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud/IBMDeveloperSkillsNetwork-DA0101EN-SkillsNetwork/labs/FinalModule_Coursera/House_Sales_in_King_Count_USA.ipynb

Grading Information
You will be required to submit a link to your notebook for peer grading.

The main grading criteria will be:

Have you reproduced the correct information using the functions?
Have you created the appropriate graphs?
Did you properly fit a regression model?
Have you shared the link to your Notebook?
You will not be judged on:

Your English language, including spelling or grammatical mistakes.
The content of any text or image(s) or where a link is hyperlinked to.
